Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
["Deck the Halls" playing]
♪ Deck the halls with
boughs of holly ♪
♪ Fa la la la la. la la la la
♪ 'Tis the season to be jolly
♪ Don we now our gay apparel
♪ Fa la la la la. la la la la
♪ Troll the ancient
Yuletide carol ♪
♪ Fa la la la la. la la la la
- Got it.
- I'm so happy that all the kids
are coming home for
Christmas this year.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- What?
- It is just that we're
gonna have a lot of loud folk
in our house and now.
now we can't even walk around
naked for the holidays.
- Well. we have never done that.
- Well. it's on my bucket list.
- Ew!
- What you mean. ew?
- I don't wanna see that.
- You done seen it. You like it.
- Have you talked to the kids?
I'm just worried that Chris
and Trina and the twins
won't come because
he's mad at Todd.
- Hey. what about
your crazy brother?
Huh?
Dr. Quack.
- Don't call him
that. He eccentric.
- He's a quack.
- Yes. He'll be here too.
- Yeah. With his latest work.
Yeah. Sweetheart.
Sweetheart. listen.
I love our family.
but they are a lot.
Listen. next Christmas.
me and you take a little
trip to the island.
And we'll zoom all them.
[laughing]
- No. we gonna be
here with our family.
- I. I don't wanna see 'em.
Oh. wait a minute. Look. look.
It's our song. baby.
Oh. sugar sugar now.
- What you wanna do about it?
- Oh. you better come here.
Oh. what. what?
I like that. Yeah.
Now watch this. Watch this one.
[humming]
[laughing]
- Bryan. do you think
this tree is crooked?
- No? No. I don't think so.
Yeah. Maybe a couple more
ornaments on the left side.
I'll tell you what.
I'll get the box
I hid in the office closet.
I didn't think you'd notice.
What. what?
It's a lot of work
hanging all those things.
- So we hiding things now?
- No. I'm not hiding anything.
I'm. I'm just gonna get the box.
- Thank you big papa.
- You welcome. mama.
- I knew I wasn't crazy.
[phone ringing]
- Hey dad. How
you doing old man?
- I'm. I'm good. I'm good.
Listen. I can't talk very long.
I really need you to
do something for me.
- Of course. What is it. Dad?
- Sweetheart. I need
this to be between us.
- What is it?
- Cydney. I know you. Can
you keep your mouth shut?
- You know I will.
Now. what is it. Dad?
- [Sylvia] Bryan!
- Yes. dear!
I gotta go. I'll call you back.
[curious music]
[phone ringing]
- Hey. Cyd. What's
up. little sister?
- Hey you. Have you
spoken to dad lately?
- Yeah. I spoke to him
earlier today. Why?
- [Cydney] He's acting weird.
Some secret. but he had to
go before he could share.
- And you're sharing it already.
Damn. Cyd. You can't hold water.
- Whatever. Chris.
Dad's a senior citizen.
He ain't supposed to
be keeping secrets.
- I'm sure you'll figure it out.
I'm already dealing with
some other family mess.
- [Cydney] Oh. what
did the twins do?
- It's not the twins.
- Trina?
- No.
- [Cydney] Then
what's the problem?
- Your dumbass brother.
- Duh. I have two.
What did Todd do now?
- Oh nothing. Just another
bad business decision.
You know. I don't know why I
went into business with him.
- Stop whining.
You guys need to work on
your communication skills.
- Yeah that will work
with someone reasonable.
not some impulsive act.
You know what? I gotta go.
- Oh. okay. I'll see you
at mom and dad's later?
- Maybe.
I love you. sis.
- Maybe?
- Hey!
Hey. Mr. Elkins.
What's going on. man?
How you doing? Why we gotta
go through this every year?
You know me.
I'll slide you a VA check.
Come on. man.
- Good morning to you too.
- Chris.
Can you hear me?
- I can hear you.
babe. How are you?
- I'm good.
I talked to Mama
Sylvia this afternoon
about the Christmas plans.
- Here we go.
- Chris. I really think
that we should go.
- See if we go. I
can't promise you
I won't try to kill Todd.
Look. let's stay home and
have a small chill Christmas.
- Come on. babe.
We cannot not go to
your parents this year.
It's traditions.
- Babe. The twins are
going to college next year.
What do we do if this fails?
- I hear you. but.
- Trina. Todd lost a
half a million dollars.
- Wait. what?
A half a million dollars?
I didn't. I didn't know
that it was that much.
- Yes. all of our
company reserves.
- Well. can you
get the money back?
- Look. I don't know.
I mean. it leaves us with
little to no operating capital.
All over an app.
- An app?
Is there anything
that you can do?
- I'm looking into it.
And that's why I think
we should just stay home
and have a nice quiet Christmas.
Just me. you and the girls.
I'm tired of-
- Hey. hey. hey.
It's okay.
[sighing]
Just come home. okay?
- All right. babe.
I'll see you soon.
- Yo. Janelle. you
really leaving me?
Baby. are you serious?
I told you this was temporary.
Look. baby. What I'm trying
to build is gonna be big.
- Baby boy. I gave
you three years.
And what do we have
to show for? Nothing.
- Now. baby what
about last night?
- That's never been
the problem. Todd.
The problem is I'm tired.
I'm still here. and you're
still what. chasing dreams?
- Baby. I'm chasing
dreams for us.
Look. what I'm trying to build
is gonna take us over the top.
- Really?
Todd. you said that about
the last two investments.
They failed.
They all failed.
- That was during the pandemic.
What do you want me to do. babe?
Wait. Hey. look at me.
Listen. I got you.
Just stick it out with me
just a little bit longer
and I promise you I got you.
Please.
- Todd. I need more
than just. "I got you."
We're just not evenly yolked.
- Do you mean equally yolked?
- Whatever. you get the
point. We don't fit anymore.
Look. look at me.
I'm sorry. but...
I think this is for the best.
You'll always have a
special place in my heart.
Just not in my life anymore.
I'm sorry.
I'll send for the rest
of my things. Okay?
[poignant music]
Merry Christmas.
[door slamming]
[phone ringing]
- Not right now. Cydney.
- Of course I enjoy spending
time with you. Jefferson.
- [Jefferson] What am I
supposed to? I can't tell.
I mean. you going
away for the holidays
and you know I want to
spend the holidays with you.
I'm gonna miss you.
- Aw. Jefferson. I know.
I'm gonna miss you
too over the holidays.
But I told you I have to
spend time with my family.
It's our tradition.
I have to go home.
- No. I know.
It's just. Cyd.
I think I'm falling
in love with you.
[phone vibrating]
- Oh. What was that. Jeff?
Oh wait. hold on a second.
Hello?
- Hey. beautiful.
How you feeling?
- I'm fine. Omar. How are you?
- Not as half as
fine as you girl.
Which is why I want to
come see you this week
and do some of
this holiday shit.
You'll be in DC right?
- Yes. but you know
I have to spend time
with my family for Christmas.
Look. we'll catch up soon.
- Oh. come on.
You say that like
you didn't enjoy
when we caught up the last time.
- Oh. hey Omar. I gotta
go. I have company.
Merry Christmas.
Hey. Jeff?
- [Jefferson] Hello?
- Yeah. I gotta go.
Merry Christmas!
Hey. girl. What's up?
- Look. I need a break.
And from the sound
of your calls.
sound like you need a break too.
- I just don't
understand these men.
Don't push me for more
if I'm not pushing you.
- Cyd. You are a
real pimp. girl.
Geez.
- I'm not a pimp.
I'm just clear.
I have a way I like to move.
And until I'm ready to
settle down. I'm cool.
I will enjoy my friends
until my man comes in.
- Oh. Okay.
And you have a starting five.
- That's right.
And each one plays a
different position in my life.
- Girl.
[laughing]
- Look. don't judge me. Ryan.
I'm clear with all of them.
Mostly.
- [Ryan] Hmm.
- So you still going to Jamaica?
- Well. it's not Jamaica.
It's St. Thomas.
- Ooh. Christmas in St. Thomas.
Nice.
- Would be nice
if he would just find
his passport in time.
He said he lost
it earlier today.
- You don't need a
passport for St. Thomas.
- Oh?
Let me just...
- Hey hun.
So what are we gonna do?
- [Victor] It's too
late to get a new one.
- Dang.
Well. we can always
stay here together.
Or we can go to Cydney's family
house in DC for the holiday.
- [Victor] I was thinking of
driving to Ohio to my brothers.
- Oh. okay.
So when do we leave?
- [Victor] I was gonna
go up with my sister.
- Your sister?
I didn't even realize
you had a sister.
- [Victor] Got an idea.
You go to Cyd's parents
and I'll go to my sister's.
I mean. my brother's
with my sister.
Maybe we can hook
up on New Year.
- You know what? I
see what this is.
Just have a good time.
- [Victor] There you
go. Let me keep looking.
Damn. woman.
- Okay. But just re-
Do not start. Cyd.
- I'm gonna send you my
parents' address. just in case.
And I'll head out later.
- Thanks girl. I
really appreciate it.
- [Cydney] Mhmm.
- I hope I don't need it.
[piano music]
[sighing]
- Oh wait.
- That's ugly. I
would not wear that.
- I would.
- I like this one.
- But it's-
- But that's not my color.
I feel like that color. mm. No.
- Hey girls. can
you do me a favor?
- Yeah sure. Mom. What's up?
- I got a migraine coming on.
Can you finish up
the kitchen from me?
- Sure. Mom.
- Sure. Mom. like for real?
For real. sure Mom?
- Yes.
- [Trina] Like you're
not gonna talk about me
and call me the evil stepmom?
- [Twins] No!
All right. Thank you.
Put it on my tab.
- Okay.
So Taryn. tonight
we're straight. right?
- Ken. why do you
always do this to me?
You know they'll kill
us if they come in there
and you're gone.
- Taryn. come on. Malcolm
is going away for Christmas.
We won't see each
other for like 10 days.
I mean. I know it's a
risk. but if they catch us.
I'll just take all the blame.
- You always say that.
Then I always found myself
on punishment with you.
- I won't get caught.
Besides. I just told
you. 10 whole days.
Also. I need you to style me.
- Ken. I don't even know
why you're so pressed.
I don't see Malcolm trying
to plan to come see you.
- Taryn. this is the only
Christmas gift I want from you.
- Fine.
- Thank you.
- Bryan. He's here!
- [Bryan] I'm coming.
- Hey princess!
- Mommy!
- Yo! There she is!
- Hey mom. how are you?
- There's my baby girl.
Oh. my favorite daughter.
- Hey dad.
Dad. I'm your only daughter.
- Oh yeah. that's right.
[laughing]
- Mom.
I was just checking to see
if there was any romance.
- Nothing has changed.
Oh. and it seems nothing has
changed here either. huh?
- Oh. no. No.
He is. he's quite the character.
- I see.
- He's cray-cray.
Are you hungry?
- You know I'm hungry.
- Okay. let's go.
- Oh yeah!
- Bags.
[curious music]
- Excuse me.
You cannot park here.
- What's the problem?
- You're blocking my access.
- Don't you have
better things to do.
like go take a
shower or something?
- Yeah. like having
your car towed.
- You would have more space
if you would move
those damn cones.
- If you don't move your
car. I'm a have it towed.
- Whatever.
- Oh fine. What?
Fine.
- How do y'all live
next to that crazy man?
Cydney?
I had no idea you'd
be here so early.
Honey. how you doing?
- I'm good. Auntie Glo.
And you look fabulous as ever.
- Thank you. baby.
You know. your Aunt Glo
has to keep it together
'cause I am looking
for my next husband.
Who wants a drink?
- It's 10:00 AM. way too early.
- Well. it's 6:00 PM
somewhere. and guess what?
We're all good and grown and
I'll make enough for everybody.
- You and your husband
were always early drinkers.
Good morning ladies.
- Hey daddy.
- Bloody Mary's in the morning
and Vodka Collins at noon.
So y'all need to do research.
- Research? What are
you talking about?
Now. I'm a retired physician.
I never read any research
that promotes consuming
alcoholic beverages
all day. every day.
- Well Bryan. you wouldn't
know nothing about that
'cause you were a pediatrician.
- Eh.
- [Gloria] Anyway.
A cocktail in the morning
activates the neurons
in the gray matter of the brain
that stimulates and invigorates
all thought processes
throughout the day.
- You don't make no sense.
Listen. you still
drive that white Lexus?
- Mhmm.
- I forgot. That's the
reason I came down.
You're about to be towed.
- Oh. hell no.
This man gonna make me kill him.
- It's gonna be a fight.
- I wanna see.
- Come on. hook it up.
Get it outta here.
- Wait!
- Gloria.
Hey. hey. hey.
- Hold on.
- It's okay.
- What's going on?
- Ask him.
Yeah. Mr. Elkins.
Hold on please.
- I told her if she
did not move it.
I was gonna have it towed.
It was blocking my driveway.
- I'm barely blocking his space.
- Yeah. Glo. you are
blocking his driveway.
- Come on!
- I cannot get my camper
through that little space.
- Ma'am. just move your car a
few inches so we can all go.
- But he can't even move it
anyway. He can't move it.
Come on.
- Please don't. Wait.
No. no. No. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no.
You are such an ass.
You are such an-
- Glo. Glo. Stop. stop. stop.
Okay. all right. Just
go back in the house.
Make me a Bloody
Mary. Please. please.
- You are such an ass!
You're just evil. Evil!
- Well. Cydney. do
you know how to cook?
- Yes. I know how to cook.
- Oh really?
- Mom. I make cereal.
- Cereal?
- [Cyd] Yes. Cereal.
- Oatmeal?
- No. cereal with the milk.
- Oh. child bless your heart.
You haven't taught
her how to cook?
- [Cydney] Yes. I can cook!
- Any luck with sexy and 60?
- Not really.
You know. I think I'm too
much for these old men.
I should go younger.
What y'all think?
These young boys wouldn't
know what to do with all this.
- Hey. son.
- What up. mama? How you doing?
- [Sylvia] I'm good.
- Hi. Good to see you.
- Hi Todd.
- Hey Auntie.
- Good to see you baby.
- Good to see you too.
Sup. Cyd?
- [Cydney] Todd.
- How you doing. son? I
was worried about you.
- I don't know.
I just never expected her
to actually walk out on me.
- You know who you
married. right?
- Look. all marriages
go through something.
but I just. I don't know.
I figured she might stick around
and try and figure
it out with me.
I just can't figure
out where I went wrong.
- Now Todd. I told Sylvia
I never liked that girl.
She had hussy
written all over her.
And then she had the nerves to-
- I know how much you
love Janelle. son.
- Well. I always thought
she was a gold digger.
I told you that as soon
as I met the skank.
- Cydney. your
brother is suffering.
No need to add fuel to the fire.
- You're right.
I just feel so
bad for you. Todd.
That. and Chris being
so pissed off at you.
Do y'all know he may
not come this year?
All because of you and
your shady business moves.
Rough time right now. bruh.
- Yeah. Real rough time.
Hey. speaking of rough time.
how's that music
career of yours going?
Oh. it's not?
Dang. That sucks. man.
I wanted you to
go. That's crazy.
- Shut up.
- You shut up.
- Don't you tell me
what to do to do.
- You can't tell
me to do anything.
Auntie. get her. please.
- Uhuh. Here you go. baby.
It's gonna be all right.
Anybody else want a bloody Mary?
- We do!
- Hey.
- Good morning. Sis.
Family!
- What's up with you. uncle?
- Family!
- Hi. uncle.
- What's up Cyd?
How you doing? You looking good.
- Thank you.
- What's up y'all?
- What's up man?
- Gloria.
- Jerome.
- Meet my lady. Shawna.
- Hey. What's up Shawn?
How you doing?
- Another one?
- Don't mind her.
She just jealous.
She always wanted me.
- Lies you tell.
Well Jerome. we were
just talking to Todd
about his breakup with Janelle.
Seeing that you know everything.
you got any advice for him?
- Well. you know.
I know everything.
He. he look good though.
His nose is slightly
off a little bit.
I can readjust
that a little bit.
Get you looking a little
bit more perpendicular.
- No. I'm good. I appreciate it.
- We are all good with
all of that. Jerome.
- Well. I don't wanna
stay around here too long.
I just came over to say
hello. You want some bacon?
You know. me and my lady.
we got places to go.
We got a birthday
party. a subway party.
We got parties to go to.
And a little brunch.
you know. in this
holiday season.
You want some bacon?
You want some fruit?
You want some pancakes?
Look.
- You bring my plate back.
- I always bring your
plate back. don't I?
- No. you don't.
- No. you didn't that last time.
- Yeah. I love y'all
though. Come on.
- What in the hell?
Is that a tumor?
[all laughing]
- Yeah.
- Listen. man we were
hoping that maybe.
maybe you'd like to join us
for Christmas Eve dinner.
- I'll be busy.
- Listen. Marcus.
Our neighbor. your
Vietnam buddy invited you
to park here every
Christmas holiday.
and we don't know
anything about you. man.
- I was in the middle
of something. mister.
Can I get back to it? Please?
- You're a vet.
'Nam. right?
- Mhmm.
- Oh. whoa.
- Hey. don't touch that!
- That's real?
- Of course it's!
- Oh. wow.
- Look. I am not
comfortable with you
being in my home. bro.
- All right. Yeah.
I know it was kind of
rude of me just to.
to walk in here like that.
- You gonna have to leave now.
- All right.
All right. well. I
hope you reconsider
and join us for
Christmas Eve dinner.
- I appreciate the offer.
but Sam and I have plans.
- Okay. okay.
Hope you change your mind.
[jolly music]
- Oh!
- Look who made it!
- Happy holidays!
- Oh. you made it.
Thank you. Thank you.
[everyone greeting]
You look so pretty. so grown.
When that'd happen?
- Mama Sylvia.
- Trina. thank you for
making this happen.
- Yes. 'cause girl.
you know Chris
was not letting that happen.
- My boys.
- So how's business?
- Ask him.
- Well. listen. I was
thinking about going down
to the cabin. huh?
Maybe do a little fishing.
- You talk about it.
- Yeah. I'm gonna go on.
Hey!
How y'all doing?
- Chris.
Yo. man. I can't believe
you really this upset at me.
We're gonna be fine.
but you gotta relax.
- Coming from a partner who
forgot he had a partner. right?
- No. come on man.
You ain't gotta
be like that. bro.
Just give us some
time. Promise you man.
We gonna win big. But
you gotta trust me.
Please.
- Look. Todd. I'm here
for Trina and the twins.
All right?
Brother I ain't got
much to say to you.
As a matter of fact.
I'm gonna need you
to keep your distance
before I seriously hurt you.
But you know what?
I'm gonna just excuse myself.
Partner.
[phone ringing]
- Hey girl. You okay?
- [Ryan] Hey. no.
Can you send me your
parents address again?
I didn't get it.
- Oh. I thought I
sent it. but yeah.
Yeah. sure.
Come on over. We're here.
[war explosions]
[door pounding]
- Code red!
[grunting]
♪ Silent night. holy night
♪ All is calm
♪ All is bright
♪ Round yon Virgin
Mother and Child ♪
♪ Holy infant so
tender and mild ♪
♪ Sleep in heavenly peace
- You guys. that
was not that bad!
[everyone laughing and talking]
- Hey Ken. what's wrong?
Like you lost your best friend.
- I'm cool. Aunt Cyd.
- So it's about a boy.
Look. I'm not that
old. I get it.
What's his name?
- Malcolm.
- Are you guys in love?
- Mhmm. And I miss him.
I didn't think it was
gonna be this hard.
- Well. when's the
last time you saw him?
- Yesterday. But he hasn't
called me since then.
And then he said he was
gonna call me last night.
but he didn't.
That's not like him.
- Baby girl he'll
call. They always call.
Look. don't worry. he's
probably traveling.
- I hope so. auntie.
I really love him.
- Girl you are too young
to know about love.
- Maybe. but I'm
old enough to know
my life wouldn't be
the same without it.
[everyone laughing]
- That's crazy. Dang!
- Go get your own chips.
- Excuse me. bro.
- Come on man. Let's just talk.
It's Christmas.
- Man. I ain't got
nothing to say to you.
Can I at least have a
minute to explain to you
why I did what I did?
- You did what you did because
you're irrational. bro.
You lack self esteem.
And Janelle has your
head all messed up.
- Hey. keep my wife name
out your mouth. all right?
- Shh!
- She had nothing to
do with my decision.
- Right. Your decision.
- Yes. My decision.
For us to invest in the
state of the art cutting
edge domestic service app
is gonna make us wealthy.
- Bro. you don't know that.
And you didn't even gimme a
chance to research the app. man.
- Fellas. fellas.
- You literally spent
all of the money
we had in our reserve. bro.
You do know Trina's
at home and the twins
are high school seniors. right?
Right?
Bro. what am I supposed to do
if this app is a bust. huh?
- That app is not gonna bust.
I would never take a risk like
that if it wasn't worth it.
I would never put you
in that situation. man.
I did this for you.
I did it for them.
I don't know. I thought
you'd be proud or something.
And how do you think
making this move
was a way to prove that. bro?
- Because man. I did
like you always say.
I researched and the
indicators made it obvious.
Bro once this app
launched. it's outta here.
And we a part of that.
I believe in it.
- Oh. my gosh.
Uncle. Todd come
here. Come here!
- [Todd] What's up?
- Look.
- [Bryan] What's going on?
- [Cyd] Oh my god.
- I didn't. I didn't know.
- [Cyd] Oh my goodness.
- Probably think I deserve this.
- Nobody deserves that.
- Are you okay. Uncle Todd?
- Yeah Aunt Janelle is
literally all over social media
with that hot football player.
- [Cyd] Twins. don't
call Janelle your aunt.
She's no longer a
part of this family.
[doorbell ringing]
- I'm done.
- Son.
- I'll get the door. I got it.
I got it. I got it.
Hey.
Thank you so much Dr. Wesley.
I hope I'm not intruding.
- Ryan!
- Not at all.
- What happened to your trip?
- It. um...
[stuttering]
- Look no worries.
His loss.
Let me introduce
you to my family.
Family. This is my bestie
and roomie Ryan Johnson.
- Hi.
- Hi. How are you?
- [Cyd] This is my
sister-in-law Trina.
My brother Chris.
You know my mom.
- Hi mommy.
- You look so pretty.
- Thank you.
It's really nice to
meet you all. Really.
- Well. welcome to
the family. Ryan.
Yeah. You'll meet my
other son. Todd tomorrow.
He. he turned in early.
- He wasn't feeling well.
- Okay.
- In fact. Chris. I'm
not feeling well either.
so I'm gonna go
lie down too. okay?
- Good night. Feel better.
- Well. let's get you situated.
- Okay.
- I'm kinda tired too.
Yeah.
[laughing]
- Oh.
- I'm sorry. I didn't think
anybody would be up this late.
- It's all good.
I didn't actually know anybody
else would be here either.
I just couldn't sleep.
- Oh. yeah?
Yeah. Well. tell me about it.
- I'm Todd.
Todd Wesley.
- Hi Todd.
- What's up? Who are you?
- That part. I'm Ryan
Johnson. Cydney's roommate.
- Oh yeah. We
talked on the phone.
- We did.
- Okay. yeah.
I mean. I didn't know
Cydney was bringing
anybody for the holidays though.
- Oh. well she wasn't.
I mean. I wasn't gonna come.
I had all the plans.
but then I realized I
had no plans at all.
Like no real plans.
But you know what?
I told myself I
wasn't gonna do this.
I'm just happy to be here.
- Happy to have you.
- Yeah.
[laughing]
- Hey. Ken. What's going on?
- I just checked Malcolm's insta
and he's on there all
hooked up with another girl.
I mean. he's all over this ho.
he hasn't even called me.
So stupid.
- Oh. Kennedy. you know what?
It's good that you're learning
this lesson early because
maybe it will help you
not get your heart broken
in the future.
Baby girl.
All men are dogs.
- Wait. what?
No. no. no. no.
That's not true. All
men are not dogs.
Your Uncle Todd
ain't no dog. Okay?
Real men don't cheat.
But. women do cheat as well.
Sorry?
- Oh. correction.
Correction.
Not all women. Okay.
- So all men cheat.
but not all women?
- Correct.
Where they do that at?
What are you talking about?
That don't sound right to me.
- I read it in the Bible.
- Please. keep going.
- The Bible?
- Yes.
What's chapter was that?
Second contradictions?
[war explosions]
[bombs exploding. guns firing]
[yelling. breathing heavily]
- This service tonight
is really important.
It seems like everybody
in this family
is going through something.
Christmas doesn't
even feel the same.
Yeah. baby. Baby.
it will. all right?
Now. Reverend Timmons always
seems to do the trick.
- Reverend Timmons
hears the word from God.
And we'll hear
God's word tonight.
- Amen.
- And we need it.
- Yes. Amen.
- Oh.
- I got it. I got it.
Okay center.
- All right. Center.
[curious music]
- Hey Gina. can you speak now?
Listen. I am so sorry for
all the sneaking around.
but I really need to see you.
Don't call me back and
don't leave a message.
She might check my phone.
I'll call you when I can.
Please. Bye.
- Y'all. And then dad was like.
I need to keep it a secret.
But I don't understand why.
Like. what's the secret. dad?
I mean. really.
I just. I'm trying to be nosy.
I love mornings like this
during the Christmas holiday.
They're just so special.
Don't you agree. Mom?
- Oh. I do.
And I have a big
surprise for you tonight
at the Christmas
celebration at church.
- Good morning ladies.
- Morning.
- And cheers to you all.
- Cheers.
- What are you drinking. Glo?
- Just a little
Christmas celebration.
A libation. whatever
you want to call it.
[all giggling]
- Uncle Todd!
- No. no. no. no. man.
- I'm already
headed out as it is.
- Oh. well you look
quite dapper. brother.
Where are you going?
- Oh. I'm headed up the street
to mind your business. Cydney.
- You are gonna be back in time
for the Christmas celebration
tonight at the church?
- Yes ma'am.
I'm already dressed and I
wouldn't miss it for the world.
- Okay.
Love you.
- Love you too.
- Auntie Glo.
Are you coming to the
church service this evening?
- Oh. ooh. honey.
The only church folks I
deal with is you Wesley's.
Them folks to judgy for me.
If they don't want folks
smoking in the church bathroom.
they need to put a sign up.
- Lord.
- But don't you
worry. I'll be here.
[upbeat music]
[everyone talking]
Come on. Syl. We
know how we used to!
- You already got
your disco outfit on.
- The after party.
[everyone laughing
and exclaiming]
- Taryn. we could have totally
ditched this for the mall.
I need to find some cute
boys to put my story.
- Ken. why are you
being so petty?
It doesn't have to be
tat for tat with Malcolm.
- Yeah. but it'll
make me feel better
if he thinks I'm not
thinking about him.
- Fine tomorrow. then?
[congregation clapping]
- All right. hallelujah!
- My God. my God! Let the
church sing out your name.
[congregation cheering]
- Now I want you this
Christmas to spread some love.
Remind somebody they matter.
Do a kind gesture.
It's giving time this
season to give to others.
It'll go a long way.
So without further ado.
will you rise to your feet.
put your hands together and
welcome our own sister Cydney
who came all the way down here
for Christmas form
New York. My God.
to give us a musical selection.
[congregation cheering]
Let the Lord you use you.
- That's my baby!
♪ O holy night. the stars
are brightly shining ♪
♪ It is the night of our
dear Savior's birth ♪
♪ Fall on your knees.
♪ O hear the angels' voices
♪ O night divine.
♪ O night when Christ was born
♪ O night divine
♪ O night. o night divine
[congregation cheering]
[jolly music]
- Put your hands together y'all!
Let's rock. come on!
Put your hands together y'all!
Let's rock. hey!
Put your hand up
right here. hey!
I said what's his name?
- Jesus!
[congregation chanting]
- I'm so sorry for him.
Why does uncle look
so lonely out there?
I think I'm gonna do something
nice for him tomorrow.
Ken. you wanna help me? It
might make you feel better.
- I feel like a fool
for liking Malcolm.
- You're not a fool. Okay?
He is. How about this?
Let's take another. "I'm
living in my best life"
selfie for Instagram. okay?
Don't ever let him see you cry.
- Here let's do a selfie.
- [Trina] Aww.
- Look at them.
Chris. Our girls.
- [Chris] It's
nothing like the love
and bond between sisters. right?
- Especially roommates.
You and your brother are a real
blessing to each other too.
Babe.
He made a huge mistake
by not including you.
He did.
But he is still your brother.
And he really needs you.
- Who's ready for
Christmas cocktails?
- We are!
Where am I at?
I want y'all to meet
my after church boo.
Shamika.
- Oh baby.
Did Jerome do that to you?
- Yeah.
- Hey!
- Oh! Hi Todd. I'm sorry.
You got me again.
- Actually. you
got me this time.
Do you wanna sit down?
You alright?
- Yeah. I'm just up checking
my phone like a fool.
- Everything okay?
- It's my boyfriend.
oh. ex-boyfriend.
Like I found out that he
is married with two kids.
And here I am just
waiting around
for him to call with an apology.
I just. I feel like a fool.
Who does that?
Oh. Oh. I'm sorry.
I am so sorry. I
heard about your wife.
Or your ex. You know what?
She should be
ashamed of herself.
- It's all good.
I mean. in retrospect.
it's kind of my fault.
I mean. I know who I
was marrying before
I even married her.
Should have known it
wasn't gonna last.
- To think. you know. Cydney
warned me about my ex.
- Word?
- Yes.
- She warned me
about Janelle too.
- She did?
Oh my goodness.
- Yeah. I hate when she's right.
- You know what? I'm
done with being sorry.
- Hold that thought.
Hold that thought.
- Okay.
- This is what we going to do.
- Oh. for sure.
I'm always with that.
- That's for you.
That's mine.
Here is to us getting
what we deserve.
Cheers?
- Cheers.
[upbeat music]
Oh.
[laughing]
- Phew. Wasn't expecting that.
That was rough.
- You know. we really
do deserve better.
- We do. but we deserve
it without the BS.
Like I don't want it.
- Exactly.
- I don't want it.
- I'm gonna drink to that.
- Ooh. that's a nice pour.
- You pretty cool.
- This one's gonna be for you.
- To us.
[upbeat music]
- What about five? I got five.
[music continues]
[laughing]
You're so stupid.
You are something.
[sensual music]
[curious music]
[gentle music]
- Oh.
- Good morning.
- Morning.
So. last night.
Did. did we do the-
- What? No. no.
It wasn't nothing like that.
I mean. I mean. we
drank a lot. man.
Because you can't
hold your liquor.
We came upstairs because
you was gonna wake up
the whole house.
- Me. wake everybody
up by myself?
I don't think so.
- You can't remember.
you was drunk.
It's true.
- You know. I. I
don't. I don't do this.
This is. this is not like me.
I would never do anything
like this because
this is so out of-
- No Ryan. Chill.
You don't have to
explain that to me.
Listen. I think
you're incredible.
And last night was.
it was a lot of fun.
I needed that.
But you know. I just...
not like that.
I respect you too much.
- Thanks Todd.
That damn brown liquor.
- Oh yeah. it'll
get you every time.
- It got me. it got me.
- Oh. well. hello.
- Okay. everybody relax.
Two friends can't kick it?
- Well. that's all
you better be doing
under my roof is kicking it.
- Oh. I ain't mad at y'all.
What is it young folks
say? Do you. boo?
- Don't do that.
- I ain't hating. Go on
and get y'all simmer on.
Don't worry about that.
- Okay.
[doorbell ringing]
- Hello. twin.
- It's Taryn.
- Same thing.
Where's Todd?
- Oh. he's in the kitchen.
- Thank you. Got it.
Hello everybody. Happy holidays.
[dramatic music]
- Janelle. What
are you doing here?
- Can we speak. please?
Alone?
- I don't have
nothing to say to you.
- Please.
You don't wanna have
this conversation
in front of our whole family.
- His whole family.
And you know what?
You got a lot of nerve
coming here. Janelle.
- Cydney. I know you may feel
some kind of way about me.
but this is none
of your business.
- What?
You came to our house.
which makes it my business.
And you know what? I always
thought you were acting.
- Cyd. I got it.
- Hey. hey. hey. hey.
- Okay. okay. Somebody's
gonna have to get her.
- Son. please.
Trying to have family breakfast.
- I got it.
Let's go.
- Todd. I messed up. Okay?
I realized I made
a hasty decision.
but I'm ready to come home.
Okay look. I know by now
you know that Cam and I-
- The whole world know
what you been up to.
- I know. I know.
I made a lifestyle change.
But who could blame me?
Really. Todd he offered me
everything you couldn't.
I mean the fancy mansion
and the cars and the staff.
I mean. he paraded me
around in designer bags
and clothes and jewelry.
- Yo. Janelle. ain't
nobody trying to hear this.
What's your point?
- I know.
My point is. I had it all.
So I thought.
- It sound like you
was living a dream.
- I really was.
That is. until he
told me he wanted to
share everything with me.
- Ain't that what you wanted?
- I did. but everything
meant his other women too.
- You serious?
That's why you here.
Cause yo cheater cheated.
- No. I'm here because I
realized I was in love.
but it wasn't with him.
I miss my husband.
My Hottie Toddy.
And I want us to
get back together.
Okay even. even if it
means we have to struggle
for a little while longer.
I miss us.
- You can't be-
- Shh.
Don't answer yet. okay?
I realize this is
a lot to take in.
So I booked a room at the W.
I'll go freshen up.
I'll pick up a few
Christmas gifts.
I know I have a lot of
work to do to get back in
with your family.
especially with Cydney.
- Janelle. that's not even-
- Shh.
Don't talk yet.
We can fix this.
Bye babes.
- Yo. Dennis. What's
going on. man?
Happy holidays.
How are you living?
Good. Hey. look. we gotta talk.
You got a minute?
- So are you ready
to make Mr. Elkins
our good deed project
for Christmas?
- I don't know.
- Come on.
He looks like he can
use some kindness.
And a makeover.
Remember Pastor Timson
about helping people?
You should help him.
Plus you need to get
your mind off of Malcolm.
This is the perfect distraction.
- I don't feel like it. Taryn.
- Let's go. Ken. You owe me one.
And it's Christmas.
[crying]
[poignant music]
- We made vows. Regina.
- Through sickness
and health. Marcus.
It's not crazy.
- Look. look.
But it's Christmas Eve.
Come on. Just talk
to me about this.
- You went to war my husband.
and came back a
stranger. Marcus.
- Look. I know and I'm sorry
- I can't do this anymore.
You need to get
yourself together.
Or you'll always be alone.
- Come on Regina. please.
You can't leave
right now. Regina.
Come on Regina. I love you babe.
- Marcus. Goodbye.
I can't do this anymore.
You'll always be alone.
[door pounding]
- Oh. shit.
What do you want?
Ugh.
- We wanna invite you
for Christmas Eve dinner.
- I'm not interested.
- How do you know?
You've never been.
- I'm fine here.
- Mr. Marcus. how
can you be fine here?
Your place isn't mess and I
don't smell anything cooking.
- Yeah. We have a
delicious dinner plan.
Okay. we got Turkey.
ham. sweet potatoes.
mac and cheese. pies. cake.
What happened here?
- Oh.
I just had a little spill.
So. so dinner. huh?
Okay. that sounds good.
But I don't have
nothing to wear.
- We got you on that.
- Thank you brother.
- No problem. You
know I got you.
- Couldn't do without you.
- I think that
covers everything.
Lets see.
Where's your brother?
I can bring him up on the
app data if you want me to.
- I think he's here.
Let me go try to find him.
- I'll be right here.
- Hey. thank you
man. Thanks again.
- No problem. I got you. man.
- [Cydney] Todd. where
are your headphones?
I need to use them.
- Oh. Hi.
I'm so sorry. I thought
Todd was in here.
- Who are you?
- I'm Dennis. Todd's attorney.
And you are?
- Oh. I'm Cydney. Todd's sister.
- I didn't realize
that Todd had a sister.
I was only aware of
his brother. Chris.
- Well. he does.
And we're not in
business together.
I live in New York.
- Really?
- New York. huh.
Are you here for the
holidays with your husband?
- Please. I'm not married.
- Excuse me.
- You're excused. Nice
to meet you Dennis.
Happy holidays.
- Happy holidays. Cydney.
- Hey. what's up Ryan?
- Hey.
- What's up? I haven't
seen you all day.
- Yeah. I've been in
the kitchen baking.
You good?
- No. no. I'm not.
Janelle.
She's trying to like
put the marriage
and stuff back together.
- Wow.
Whew.
You've really been
going through it. huh?
You know what?
A good friend would
tell you that you just.
you need to take some
time to think about
what it is you want and
need in a relationship.
And a good friend would
also tell you that
you are a smart man and only
you know what's best for you.
So just be careful. Okay?
- I appreciate you. Ryan.
Thanks.
Good friend.
- Come here.
- Yo. Chris. Happy you here man.
Hey. Dennis is upstairs
and let's talk about
the acquisition.
You got a couple minutes?
- I really ain't got
time for this bro.
- Can you please just
come upstairs real quick?
It's not gonna take long at all.
And it's important you know
what's going with the app.
- You just don't get it. do you?
- Oh. Chris. can you. can you
please just come upstairs?
Can you spare me a
couple of minutes?
Dennis is on the clock.
- You got one minute.
- Meet my brother. Chris.
- Chris. nice to
finally meet you. bro.
Heard great things about you.
- Well. unfortunately
I can't say
the same thing
about you. Dennis.
because I'm sure. as you know.
my brother just let me
know about this investment.
- Nope.
Actually. Chris. he
didn't know that.
My apologies. Dennis.
Can you excuse us for a second?
Chris. I realize
now more than ever
that I should have included
you in the decision.
And for that. I'm sorry.
But I've said sorry almost
a thousand times already.
Have you ever thought that
maybe this was your fault?
- My fault?
- Yeah. your fault.
- Man you must be
sipping. sniffing.
smoking. uncles' egg nog.
What are you talking about?
- I'm talking about
everything man.
You always trying
to take the lead.
You don't never let me make no
decisions. I can't even talk.
It's like you want me to
stay in your damn shadow.
- You know what? I'm not
trying to do this right now.
- Oh. you don't say?
Chris don't give a damn
about what Todd got to say.
You know. it's been like
that since we was kids.
Every time I would
try something.
you would try it.
And then what would happen?
You'd do 10 times better
every single time.
In high school. it was sports.
In college. it was grades.
- And what's your point?
- And my point is
now in adulthood its
everything else. man.
You got the perfect life. man.
You got it all.
You got a beautiful wife.
you got perfect kids.
And what I got? I got Janelle.
Look. I've always just
been the little brother.
but you've always been the big
brother that has no problem
letting the little brother
know how much better you are
as if I didn't already notice.
- You're my baby brother.
Bro I had no idea
you even felt that.
Why wouldn't you say anything?
- What you want me to
say. that I'm jealous?
That I feel like I
don't measure up?
Is that what you
want to hear? Huh?
I'm a prove to you and
everybody else in this world
that I'm great too.
- Yeah. you're great.
- Yeah. I'm great.
And that's why you
took all of our savings
and spent it to prove
to the whole world
that you're great. right?
- No. that's not what
happened. I invested it.
Yo. Dennis. can you please?
I can't-
- No. no. no.
I don't need no explanation.
Matter of fact. you're
an attorney. right?
- Yes I am.
- I'm gonna need you
to prepare the papers
to have my brother buy
me outta this company.
Now.
- You not making no sense.
Can you stop being
ridiculous? Come on man.
We too deep in it for that.
Look man. the app is already
getting amazing reviews.
Just give it a chance.
Yeah it's actually the
only app of is kind
where people can find
a service provider
to fix their issues at home.
Same day they find out that
cost of how much it's gonna be.
It's a cutting edge. Chris.
I'm saving a chance. man.
- Look. Chris. I already told
you we was gonna win big.
and I meant it.
But now I'm begging you.
Please hang in there with
me a little bit longer.
Would you just
trust me for once?
- Okay.
I mean we're in it. right?
Thank you Dennis.
- My pleasure.
- Todd. if you really
believe in this.
- Yes I do.
- I believe in you.
[sentimental music]
You got it.
- Thank you. Appreciate you.
- Hey. if we could shift
gears here for a minute.
- What's good?
- Can we address your
gorgeous sister. Cydney?
- Cydney?
- Yeah.
[Todd laughing]
- Hey. hey. look
bro. Listen to me.
You don't want them
kind of problems.
You should just let
Cydney go. Trust me.
- Why. why. why not?
- My man. you can't
handle Cydney.
I don't know how to tell you.
I don't really think anybody
can to be honest with you.
Just let it go. Trust me.
- Todd. All right. you serious.
[everyone laughing]
- Y'all. I still cannot
believe that hooker
had the nerve to come back here
and expect Todd to forgive her.
- I know. right?
After we saw her prancing
around social media
like some football groupie.
- Ladies. I am pleased to report
that Malcolm is not a dog.
And the girl in the
picture is not a ho.
She's his cousin.
- Did she say ho?
- Who's Malcolm?
- Huh?
- They've been video
chatting all day.
- Yeah. we're back in love.
- Careful using
that L word. Ken.
- Especially when you
ain't talked to mommy yet.
Who is Malcolm?
- I did tell you!
- So I'm coming in with the
fellas and guess who I ran into?
[laughing]
- Jeff. Jeff?
What are you doing here?
- I got the address that
you sent me last week.
And I wanted to
surprise you. baby.
- Cydney. you do
have a boyfriend.
- Look at her face.
- How you doing Miss Wesley?
- Call me Mom.
- Mom. fam.
This is my friend Jefferson.
[everyone greeting]
- I thought I'd come down
and surprise my girl.
- Jeff is my friend
from New York.
and there must have been
some sort of mix up.
See. I didn't mean to
send that address to you.
I thought I was
sending it to Ryan.
I'm so sorry.
- No worries.
Obviously your heart
wanted me here.
This could be a special
time for us. baby.
- And on that note.
Good luck. bro.
- well since you here.
how about a drink?
- Now that sounds lovely.
I know my way around
the kitchen too.
Let me help out.
- Okay. well go wash
your hands and come on.
- Yes ma'am.
- [Sylvia] You hungry?
- I'll fix you something.
- [Jeff] Thank you.
- Get the clean sheets
for the guest room.
- Mama.
- [Sylvia] What?
- He may not be staying.
- Wait girl. Girl. girl girl.
What is your boy doing here?
- Ryan. the text that
I meant to send to you
with the address. I
sent to Jefferson.
[Ryan laughing]
- Guess what happened?
- What?
Love found a way.
[laughing]
- I don't wanna be
bothered with him.
- By the looks of it. Aunt Glo
pretty much has
him tied up. okay?
So how about we just
go back in the kitchen
and finish what we started?
- I can't.
- Why?
- I need a minute.
You know. you go ahead and
get him some clean sheets
and I. you know.
Uncle Jerome just got here.
I'm a hangout out with him.
- Okay.
I'll get him some clean
sheets and put it in the room
beside you. darling.
'Cause your mama said so.
[jolly music]
- It's not that I'm
trying to be difficult.
I just know what I want.
- You just like
your Uncle Jerome.
I can't be tied down either.
All these women out here
just waiting to love on me.
We can't be monogamous.
Two players for life.
- Yeah.
- You better go ahead
with your bad self.
See Jerome? I told you
not to mess with my baby.
Oh yes.
- Here you go.
- Thank you. Thank
you very much.
This looks good.
Like I was saying.
I went over there to invite
him for a Christmas Eve dinner
and I saw his meds.
- Whose meds.
- Elkins.
- Are we still talking
about that old fool?
- Yeah. Yeah.
So anyway. he's taking
Zoloft and Prozac.
- Wait a minute. Sam
used to take that stuff.
- Yeah. Well it it's a common
medicine to help fight PTSD.
- Well that still
doesn't excuse him
for being the petty ass.
- I'm gonna step out
just for a second.
Glo. you can go ahead
and take my drink.
I know you want it.
- Well hopefully you
ain't got the cooties.
- [Bryan] Watch your mouth.
- Whatever.
And your problem would be?
- What?
- What is wrong with you?
- Nothing.
- You know I can see
it all in your face.
- Did you see that?
There's something
going on with Bryan.
He's been so secretive.
I mean. he goes
into the bathroom at
night with his phone.
He doesn't let me look
at the text messages.
And why all of a sudden
he needs a passcode
for his cell phone?
He's hiding something.
I can feel it in my gut.
- So you think he's
having an affair?
- What else could it be?
- Girl. don't nobody
want your husband.
Y'all been married
for what. 34 years?
- 35 in January.
- Who throws away 35
years of marriage?
Don't nobody want you or him.
I'm just kidding.
But still. I know
Bryan. He ain't crazy.
He loves you.
- Well I hope so.
- Come on. let's toast it in.
- I'm gonna need four more
of these if it's true.
[doorbell ringing]
- Hey. what's up Jay?
- Hello.
- How about we just go
talk in the den real quick?
- Oh. Todd. later.
I brought some
gifts for the fan.
I know I have some
making up to do.
especially with that Cydney.
You know what I was thinking?
Maybe I could give
her a makeover.
- Hey. you know what?
Actually that's not gonna
be all that necessary.
Jay.
Look. I can't do this anymore.
So now I want a divorce.
[Janelle laughing]
- Okay. Okay. Todd. I get it.
You're trying to even
the playing field
and make me feel some kind of
way because I left you. right.
Okay. cool.
Go ahead. Have your moment.
But you can stop now. I'm
done playing games anymore.
- No Janelle. I'm not playing.
I never was.
This isn't it. Jay.
I can't do it anymore.
- Todd. I said I'm sorry.
What else do you want me to say?
I mean. I came here
to try to work it out.
- Listen.
Look. for the first time
in a very. very long time.
I get it.
I'm never gonna
be what you want.
You know. I'm being honest.
You've never been
what I need. Jay.
I deserve love too.
I need somebody who's gonna
support me. be there for me.
believe in me. love me.
Grow with me forever.
And Jay. we've never ever
had that connection. ever.
So I'm sorry. We just done.
- Baby. you don't mean that.
- I already had my attorney
draw up separation documents.
- You're really leaving me.
You know what?
That's okay. You never
deserve med anyway.
- That's right Janelle. I
ain't deserve none of this.
- Yeah. exactly.
Look at me.
I will always
secure my bag. Todd.
Okay?
Merry Christmas Todd.
Merry Christmas to
you and your family.
you and yo dusty-
- So long. Janelle.
- So how does it look on you?
That sounds nice.
So when can we get together?
You know I need it.
Okay.
Okay. Listen.
I'll figure out a way to get
outta the house to see you.
Okay.
All right.
Goodbye.
[door knocking]
- [Marcus] Who is it?
- It's Ken and Taryn.
- [Marcus] Oh. look. look. look.
You all go back
home. now. all right?
I've changed my mind.
- No. Mr. Marcus. We
said we'll be back today.
- [Marcus] I know. but
I'm not going anywhere
so I don't need the makeover.
- You do need the makeover.
- Who's that?
- I don't think you
should park there.
I wouldn't park there
if far were you.
- What was that?
- Young man. Young
man. look here.
You can't park here. You
blocking my driveway.
- All right. Alright.
- [Marcus] You
gotta move your car.
- [Young Man] My bad.
I didn't see it. I'm about
to move it right now.
- You ladies are relentless.
- We know.
[curious music]
- Oh. I want it. I want it.
- Look. I grew up
playing back here.
It's so cute.
- Hey. what's up ladies?
Dennis. you've already
met my sister Cydney.
This is her lovely
roommate. Ryan.
And this is our Auntie Glo.
This is my attorney
Dennis Dobson.
- Nice to meet you ladies.
- Well. do you do prepaid
legal or something like that?
- No ma'am. But I
can help if need it.
- Here you go Cyd.
you left your phone.
- What's up. Chris?
- Well. dinner won't
be ready until later.
But how about a
cocktail. handsome?
- Oh. Actually we have plans.
We have the next few hours off.
so we're going to
lunch at the wharf.
- Oh. the wharf.
I love the wharf.
- I've never been.
- Never been?
Y'all should come.
- We should go.
- Okay well. while
y'all are gone.
I'm gonna get dressed
for dinner tonight
and I'll just see y'all later.
- Okay.
- It's nice to
meet you Aunt Glo.
- Good to meet you too.
- [Cyd] We should
get dressed too.
- [Ryan] Yes. let's go.
- Sounds good. Let's roll.
- Hey baby.
Where we going?
- Hi.
- What's wrong?
- I saw him.
- You saw what?
- He was with someone else.
- How do you know?
- I followed him and he went
into this woman's house.
- She was a cutie though. right?
- Yeah. You know how they are.
- You all right Todd?
- Doing good. man.
What you got for me?
- Oh yeah.
This right here. my brother.
is for you.
Wanted you to have the
most recent updates
about your app deal.
- Dude. this can't be real.
- Nah. it's definitely real.
- We gotta find a
way to tell Chris.
- Yeah. I know.
He's certainly gonna
feel away about this.
- You know what? Let's not
talk about this right now.
It's too close to
Christmas. but. all right.
- Whatever you say.
- Yeah. All right. cool.
[jolly music]
- How's your day
going. Ryan? You good?
- Oh. it's been fantastic today.
Just been chilling. you know.
putting the final touches
on Christmas Eve dinner.
Just relaxing.
- That's what's up.
Well look. I don't
know if y'all down.
but wanna play some cards?
- Ooh. How about teams?
Girls against guys.
- Hey. that sounds good to me.
- Teams. Don't you think it's
a little uneven right now?
- Hey. how you doing man?
Dennis Dobson.
- Jefferson Clark. I'm Cydney's-
- My friend. Jeff is my
friend from New York.
- Oh. okay.
- Well I'm gonna get a
refill on this drink.
Cyd?
- I'm good Jeff.
- Oh. so it's like that?
- That's exactly what it's like.
- You're a real
ball buster. huh?
No idea.
- Zero clue. Like.
- That's not fair.
I'm just protective
of what's mine.
And I'm not willing to
settle for anything less.
- Well. that's the way
it's supposed to be. right?
Is he your man?
- Jefferson? No. I
don't have a man.
I mean. I bring a
lot to the table.
and I'm not interested in
compromising my standards.
- Well that makes sense.
But in relationships there has
to be some compromise. right?
- Well yeah. but I'm
not gonna have someone
just come into my world
to get close to me
and break my heart.
- Well understand that.
But a real man would
never do that to you.
Not if he sees what he has.
- So do you know what you doing?
- Nope.
But I am gonna be a
celebrity stylist one day.
You'll be fine. I got you.
- So we'll give you a cut and
then you can take a shower.
Okay?
- I already bathed.
- When?
- Recently.
- When is recently?
- Oh. the 17th.
- Oh God.
- What?
- At least he didn't
say since the war.
- Oh. you got jokes. huh?
[both laughing]
[jolly music]
- I can get down now.
- Was middle school-
- Can I talk to
you for a second?
- Yeah.
- You know what. Cyd?
Maybe I should leave.
- Yeah?
- You could at least
try to hide it.
- I'm sorry. Jeffrey.
Look. I tried to tell
you back in New York.
you're a really great guy.
- Look look look.
I don't hate all of that.
You need to realize
what you want in life.
Cause I'm a catch.
And if you're not careful.
you're gonna end up an old man.
You know. I actually
feel sorry for you.
Or maybe I should
feel sorry for him.
- Hey.
Are you okay?
- I think we should chill.
Dealing with me
leads to nowhere.
I don't think I'm looking for
something serious right now.
- Well. maybe something
serious is looking for you.
[curious music]
- Hey baby.
- Where have you been?
- Oh. I was out getting some
fresh egg nog for dinner.
- Really?
- Yeah. Can you believe
everybody is sold out?
- I don't believe
much these days.
[doorbell ringing]
- Well. hello girls.
- Ooh. who do we have here?
I thought I knew all
the handsome men in town
of a certain age.
Who is this?
- Auntie Glo. it's Mr.
Elkins. our neighbor.
- Elkins next door?
Marcus? The grinch?
- See children. I told you
this is not a good idea.
I'm gonna go.
- No. you are not leaving.
Auntie Glo.
- Okay. I was just kidding.
Well. you clean up very well.
- For a Grinch.
- Well. alright then. Well.
let's go get you a margarita.
- Sylvia. Stop. stop.
What is the problem?
- I had no idea
Marcus was so fine.
Girl. what a little soap and
water can do for a brother.
But how do I navigate this?
I've been so mean to him.
- Well. you might
try apologizing.
But knowing you. that's
not gonna happen.
- I know how to
apologize. Bryan.
I've just never been
wrong. so I never had to.
- You ain't never wrong.
- You got something to say?
- I ain't say nothing.
Listen. Glo. I need
to speak to Sylvia.
- Where were you this afternoon?
- Well. I told you I went
to find some egg nog.
- That's a lie.
- What?
- I saw you.
- You saw me where?
- With her.
Really?
I thought we were so happy.
- Wait a minute.
Sylvia. you followed me?
- What does that have
to do with anything?
- Look. we'll talk
about this tomorrow.
- Oh.
- Go ahead and run
'cause you got caught.
- Do you really think
he's cheating Syl?
- Yes. I saw him.
I cannot believe this is
happening after 35 years.
- Well. let's deal
with this later.
Put a smile on your
face for your family.
- I can't pretend.
- Yes you can.
Let's deal with
this in the morning
after we open up
the gifts. okay?
Your family really
needs you right now.
Okay?
- Okay.
- All right. Come on.
- I got your Grinch.
- Oh. well that's something
I hadn't seen on you.
- What?
- It's almost as good as
that suit you have on.
You should smile more.
- Yeah well. there's
not a whole lot
to smile about these days.
- Well. tell me about the
time you were in the military.
Cause you know. I
was a military wife.
- Really?
Well I was in from 73 to 75.
- Yeah?
Sam was there in 74.
Yeah. He just wasn't the
same when he came home.
- But you stuck with him. right?
I mean. I mean.
you stayed with him
even though he came
back different.
- Of course he was different.
But he was still my Sam.
And I stayed there with
him all the way to the end.
- Well. I'm sorry for your loss.
- Yeah. it's okay.
It seems like the only
thing I remember are
our classic arguments.
- Yeah. Well. I'm sure he
didn't win many of those.
- Anytime I would start a
sentence with his full name.
he knew all hell was
gonna break loose.
I would say. "Sam
Anthony Corbett."
"You hadn't emptied this
damn trash in two days."
Boy. He was lazy.
For a military guy. he just
wasn't that disciplined.
- You said your husband's
name was Sam Corbett?
- Yeah.
- First Sergeant Sam A Corbett.
of the fourth Infantry division.
- I mean. you knew him?
- I fought right alongside him.
He was our platoon leader.
- Oh my God.
- I can't tell you how many
times that man saved our lives.
The last time I
remember him was.
there was this huge explosion.
- You were there?
- Yeah. Yeah.
I was. I was right beside him.
It came outta nowhere.
And I tried to protect.
I wanted to protect him.
I tried. after the
explosion. I pulled him.
I pulled him out of the fire.
But I thought he had died.
And then almost immediately
after another bomb exploded
and we had to take cover and I-
[crying]
I didn't want to leave him.
I didn't wanna leave him.
I've carried that guilt.
Ever since that day.
- It was really bad and
he's never been the same.
But he credited some guy named
Big E for saving his life.
- That was me.
[laughing]
That was me.
- That was you?
- Yeah.
- So you brought him home
to me? You saved him?
[crying]
You know. we had a good
life for the most part.
But the depression just
took over and he just never.
I mean. just one day
he just took his life.
- I'm so sorry.
- You know. back then depression
was taboo in the community.
And I just wish I
knew more about it.
Maybe Sam would be
here with me today.
- I thought about going
to see somebody once.
but I. I don't know.
I have seen so much.
Done so much.
I lost so much.
- I think it'll be worth it.
- I dunno.
- Come on. I mean. we need you.
Who else is gonna
keep us in check?
Can I call you the old grinch?
[both laughing]
- [Cyd] Time for dinner. guys.
- Sammy. Sam. come here boy.
[snapping]
Come here.
- What mean. what. what
is. what is his name?
- It's Sam. Yeah. I did. I did.
- Come here. Sam.
[uplifting music]
♪ Fa la la la la. la la la la
♪ Strike the harp
and join the chorus ♪
♪ Fa la la la la. la la la la
♪ Follow me in merry measure
♪ While I tell of
Yuletide treasure ♪
♪ Fa la la la la. la la la la
- Merry Christmas sweetheart.
I am so excited about the day.
- Are you really. Bryan?
You seem to be excited
about a lot lately.
- Do I?
Well. I guess I'm
just excited about
all the things to come for us.
- Oh. Things to come for us.
Our end. our demise.
Do you still love me. Bryan?
- With all that
I am. Sweetheart.
Will you stop? Stop being
upset with me. All right?
Now. come on.
Let's go downstairs and.
and open up gifts
with the family.
All right.
[laughing]
- Okay. let's go.
- And that is what I
love about the holidays.
- What's that?
- Waking up. It's Christmas.
Just feeling thankful. you know?
- Yeah.
- Thankful that I have you
as my best friend. babe.
I mean. just the way you took
in my girls as your girls.
you know. you didn't
have to do that.
- Yeah.
- I love you for that.
And you know. I think
about. you know.
issues other people have and
babe. I realize
like. I'm blessed.
We're blessed.
- Yes we are. baby.
And you're right 'cause we don't
have those issues. you know?
But it doesn't mean
that we don't have 'em.
- Baby. what's wrong?
- You know. we can
talk later. okay?
This is Taryn and Kennedy's
third time texting us.
telling us to come downstairs.
We gotta go.
- No. no. babe.
I know you're not gonna
leave me on read like that.
- Chris. Let's go downstairs.
- No. No babe.
Come on. one round.
- No.
You know. I promised Taryn that
she could do my hair today.
- Okay. A half a round.
- You don't do a half around.
- We gonna do it today.
No. Mama Sylvia!
[laughing]
- [Gloria] Merry
Christmas. everybody!
Well. almost everybody.
Well. where's my egg nog?
Y'all ain't got
my egg nog for me?
Okay. I'll go get my own.
[doorbell ringing]
- You made it.
Merry Christmas. Mr. Elkins.
- Merry Christmas.
You can call me Marcus.
And Merry Christmas. Bryan.
- Merry Christmas. Marcus.
Come on in.
- Wow.
And you look wonderful.
- Thank you. So do you.
- I got you something that.
it really means a lot to me.
so I hope. I hope you like it.
- You didn't have to.
- Yeah.
- Thank you. Marcus.
This really means a lot to me.
How about some egg nog?
- Sure. that's be nice.
- Let's go get something.
- What's this?
- Open it. my queen.
- What is going on?
- Sylvia. my love.
These years with you have.
have been the greatest
honor of my life.
Every day I wake up with
you is a true blessing.
You have made me the
happiest man in the world.
Sweetheart will you do me the
honor of renewing our vows
with me and spending the
rest of your life with me?
My beautiful bride.
- I don't know what to say.
- Say yes.
[family laughing]
- But I thought-
- Stop. Stop.
Oh.
Sweetheart.
You know how important
our vows are to me.
- But when you were in
the office on the phone.
that conversation.
- Wait a minute. baby.
You were listening
to my conversation?
- [Sylvia] Yeah. I was.
I didn't even wanna tell
you what I was thinking.
but it really broke my heart.
- Sweetheart.
It was all a part of my plan
to keep the ring design a
secret with my jeweler. Gina.
Wait. man. you. you.
you didn't think...
- Ring designer?
- Yeah.
- Oh.
[wedding music]
Well. of course I'll
marry you again.
Over and over and over again.
You're such a wonderful
man. I love you.
Oh. yes. yes. I do.
I do. I will. I do.
Well. I guess we got
our wedding to plan.
[family cheering]
Christmas first though.
Oh. isn't that pretty?
- Mommy!
- Aw. that's so pretty.
Come on. Bryan.
Bring it in.
Bring it in. Bring it in.
- Ah.
- I always thought you was
something special. Bryan.
And I really mean that.
Because I didn't want to
have to kick your ass.
- I don't wanna interrupt
your celebration.
- I have one more
gift for you. Chris.
So wait.
Okay.
No. Come here. come here.
- [Chris] Okay.
- [Trina] Just come here.
Okay.
- A blue baby bottle?
Baby.
- Baby. are you.
are you. are we?
- Yes. baby. Yes.
This is what I've been trying
to tell you all weekend.
but you've been so
preoccupied with everything
that's been going on.
Listen.
Baby. you said that
God would bless us
when the time was right.
Well. baby.
we are 15 weeks
pregnant with our child.
[family cheering]
- Great.
Now they'll have
something else to focus on
when we go to college.
- Yes.
And listen. Chris. I know.
I know this means that we're
gonna be starting all over
and we are not young anymore.
So.
are you okay with this?
- Baby I'm more
than okay with it.
I love you so much.
[Trina laughing]
- Guess what? We're
having a baby.
You're gonna be a big sister.
- Congratulations Chris.
- Listen Todd. more than ever.
I need this app project
to work. brother.
Listen man. look. I got
my kids going to school.
The baby's gonna need a
new pair of shoes. bro.
I need you.
- Chris. Chris.
I got you a gift too. man.
Excuse the wrapping.
Merry Christmas. man.
- Valuation report of the
first week of the DS at...
$50 million. bro?
- What?
- 50 Million dollars?
- Bro. 50 million dollars?
- Yeah. man. this is real.
Yes. Chris. This is real. bro.
- Don't play with me. bro.
This is real?
- This is our app. man.
We already got two calls.
Dennis called me earlier today
and said this is nothing.
We got two offers that are
worth way more than this.
This is our app. bro.
We did it.
The most important
thing is we did it. bro.
- [Todd] That's right.
- We did it.
- I love you. man.
- Man.
[laughing]
I mean. I guess the
next thing to do
is figure out what
we're gonna do
with this booming business.
- Not today. Today.
it's family time.
Tomorrow. it's power.
Be back in business.
- Back in Business baby.
Merry Christmas. man.
- Thank you.
- Tomorrow you gonna make
that money. but today.
[all laughing]
Got another little surprise.
Cydney?
- Mom.
- Yes.
- Dad wanted to celebrate
your re-engagement
by bringing in one of
your favorite artists
for a final surprise.
And I kept it a secret.
- No. you didn't.
- Anyway. family.
Jonathan McReynolds.
- Oh my!
[everyone cheering]
♪ Joy to the world
♪ the Lord is come
♪ Let Earth receive her King
♪ Let every heart
prepare Him room ♪
♪ And Heaven and nature sing
♪ And Heaven. and
Heaven. and nature sing ♪
♪ La la la la. la la la la la
♪ Mmmmm
♪ Ba da da da. ba da da
♪ He rules the world
with truth and grace ♪
♪ And makes the nations prove
♪ The glories of
His righteousness ♪
♪ And wonders of His love
♪ And wonders.
wonders. of His love ♪
♪ Mm. la la la la. la la la la
♪ Joy to the world.
the Lord is come ♪
♪ Let Earth receive the King
[jolly music]
♪ Fa la la la la la la la la
♪ Strike the heart and join
the chorus ♪
♪ Fa la la la la la la la la ♪
♪ Follow me in merry measure ♪
♪ Fa la la la la la la la la
♪ While I tell a yule
tide treasure ♪